docs: Update masterserver for current and previous version (#149)
netpanzer/netpanzer: README.md

Go to the Releases tab in GitHub and download the version for your OS. The version in Linux repos as of 2024
is very (8+yrs) old, so we suggest simply downloading the latest release directly.

Note: If you only are able to get v0.8.7 from your distribution, change the

> server.masterservers value to your client.cfg and server.cfg to

Author: ```suggestion
'server.masterservers' value in your client.cfg and server.cfg to
```

    server.masterservers = "netpanzer.io"

> One we do our next official release, this will be done automatically and the

Author: ```suggestion
One we release our next official version, this will be done automatically and the
```
